Add pod security policy to SDS task. (#3974)
istio/istio.io: content/docs/tasks/security/auth-sds/index.md

As you can see there is no secret file mounted at `/etc/certs` folder.

## Increasing security with pod security policies

The Istio Secret Discovery Service (SDS) uses the Citadel agent to distribute the certificate to the

> Envoy sidecar via Unix domain socket. All pods running in the same Kubernetes node share the Citadel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Envoy sidecar via a Unix domain socket. All pods running in the same Kubernetes node share the Citadel
```

      kind: ClusterRole
      name: istio-sds-uds
    subjects:
    - apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
      kind: Group
      name: system:serviceaccounts
    EOF
    {{< /text >}}

1. Enable pod security policies for your platform. Each supported platform enables pod security
   policies differently. Please refer to the pertinent documentation for your platform. If you are
   using the Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), you must [enable the pod security policy controller](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/pod-security-policies#enabling_podsecuritypolicy_controller).

    {{< warning >}}
    Grant all needed permissions in the pod security policy before enabling it. Once the policy is
    enabled, pods won't start if they require any permissions not granted.
    {{< /warning >}}

1. Run the following command to restart the Citadel agents:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl delete pod -l 'app=nodeagent' -n istio-system
    pod "istio-nodeagent-dplx2" deleted
    pod "istio-nodeagent-jrbmx" deleted
    pod "istio-nodeagent-rz878" deleted
    {{< /text >}}

1. To verify that the Citadel agents work with the enabled pod security policy, wait a few seconds

>    and run the following command to confirm the citadel agent started successfully:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   and run the following command to confirm the agents started successfully:
```

     - '*'
    ---
    kind: ClusterRole
    apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
    metadata:
      name: istio-sds-uds
    rules:
    - apiGroups:
      - extensions
      resources:
      - podsecuritypolicies
      resourceNames:
      - istio-sds-uds
      verbs:
      - use
    ---
    apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
    kind: ClusterRoleBinding
    metadata:
      name: istio-sds-uds
    roleRef:
      apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
      kind: ClusterRole
      name: istio-sds-uds
    subjects:
    - apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
      kind: Group
      name: system:serviceaccounts
    EOF
    {{< /text >}}

1. Enable pod security policy in the cluster

    Different cloud platforms have different approach to enable the pod security policy, please refer to your
    cloud platform for detailed instructions. For GCP, please follow
    [Enabling pod security policy controller](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/pod-security-policies#enabling_podsecuritypolicy_controller).

    {{< warning >}}
    Please make sure all needed permission has been granted by the pod security policy before enabling the pod
    security policy.

>     Once pod security policy is enabled, a pod will fail to start if it requires any permissions not in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Once the policy is enabled, pods won't start if  they require any permissions not granted.
```

>     pod security policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    {{< /warning >}}

> 1. Verify the citadel agent works with the pod security policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the following command to restart the Citadel agents:
```

>     Run the following command to restart the citadel agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl delete pod -l 'app=nodeagent' -n istio-system
    pod "istio-nodeagent-dplx2" deleted
    pod "istio-nodeagent-jrbmx" deleted
    pod "istio-nodeagent-rz878" deleted
    {{< /text >}}

>     Wait a few seconds and run the following command to confirm the citadel agent started successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To verify that the Citadel agents work with the enabled pod security policy, wait a few seconds
   and run the following command to confirm the citadel agent started successfully:
```

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl get pod -l 'app=nodeagent' -n istio-system
    NAME                    READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
    istio-nodeagent-p4p7g   1/1     Running   0          4s
    istio-nodeagent-qdwj6   1/1     Running   0          5s
    istio-nodeagent-zsk2b   1/1     Running   0          14s
    {{< /text >}}

> 1. Verify the normal pod works with the pod security policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the following command to start a normal pod.
```

>     Run the following command to start a normal pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
    apiVersion: extensions/v1beta1
    kind: Deployment
    metadata:
      name: normal
    spec:
      replicas: 1
      template:
        metadata:
          labels:
            app: normal
        spec:
          containers:
          - name: normal
            image: pstauffer/curl
            command: ["/bin/sleep", "3650d"]
            imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
    EOF
    {{< /text >}}

>     Wait a few seconds and run the following command to confirm the normal pod started successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To verify that the normal pod works with the pod security policy
   enabled, wait a few seconds and run the following command to
   confirm the normal pod started successfully.
```

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl get pod -l 'app=normal'
    NAME                      READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
    normal-64c6956774-ptpfh   2/2     Running   0          8s
    {{< /text >}}

> 1. Verify the unix domain socket is protected by the pod security policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     Run the following command to start a malicious pod which tries to mount the unix domain socket with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Start a malicious pod that tries to mount the Unix domain socket using a
```

    write permission.

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
    apiVersion: extensions/v1beta1
    kind: Deployment
    metadata:
      name: malicious
    spec:
      replicas: 1
      template:
        metadata:
          labels:
            app: malicious
        spec:
          containers:
          - name: malicious
            image: pstauffer/curl
            command: ["/bin/sleep", "3650d"]
            imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
            volumeMounts:
            - name: sds-uds
              mountPath: /var/run/sds
          volumes:
          - name: sds-uds
            hostPath:
              path: /var/run/sds
              type: ""
    EOF
    {{< /text >}}

>     Run the following command to confirm the malicious pod failed to start due to the pod security policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To verify that the Unix domain socket is protected, run the following command to confirm the malicious pod failed to start due to the pod security policy:
```

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl describe rs -l 'app=malicious' | grep Failed
    Pods Status:    0 Running / 0 Waiting / 0 Succeeded / 0 Failed
      ReplicaFailure   True    FailedCreate
      Warning  FailedCreate  4s (x13 over 24s)  replicaset-controller  Error creating: pods "malicious-7dcfb8d648-" is forbidden: unable to validate against any pod security policy: [spec.containers[0].volumeMounts[0].readOnly: Invalid value: false: must be read-only]
    {{< /text >}}

## Cleanup

> 1. Clean up test services and Istio control plane:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clean up the test services and the Istio control plane:
```

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl delete ns foo
    $ kubectl delete ns bar
    $ kubectl delete -f istio-auth-sds.yaml
    {{< /text >}}

> 1. Disable the pod security policy in the cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Disable the pod security policy in the cluster using the documentation of your platform. If you are using GKE,
   [disable the pod security policy controller](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/pod-security-policies#disabling_podsecuritypolicy_controller).
```

>     Different cloud platform has different approach to disable the pod security policy, please refer to your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     cloud platform for detail instructions. For GCP, please follow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     [Disabling pod security policy controller](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/pod-security-policies#disabling_podsecuritypolicy_controller).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
